Please see readme.md for the original study description

Here are the variable of the current project . The data is stored in the tidyDataSet.txt

subject
long. 1..30. The id of the 30 volunteers

activity
character. The activities the volunteers were performing at the time of sampling.
WALKING, WALKING_UPSTAIRS, WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS, SITTING, STANDING, LAYING

mean_time_bodyacc_mean_x
number. The mean of the tBodyAcc-mean()-X variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodyacc_mean_y
number. The mean of the tBodyAcc-mean()-Y variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodyacc_mean_z
number. The mean of the tBodyAcc-mean()-Z variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodyacc_std_x
number. The mean of the tBodyAcc-std()-X variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodyacc_std_y
number. The mean of the tBodyAcc-std()-Y variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodyacc_std_z
number. The mean of the tBodyAcc-std()-Z variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_gravityacc_mean_x
number. The mean of the tGravityAcc-mean()-X variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_gravityacc_mean_y
number. The mean of the tGravityAcc-mean()-Y variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_gravityacc_mean_z
number. The mean of the tGravityAcc-mean()-Z variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_gravityacc_std_x
number. The mean of the tGravityAcc-std()-X variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_gravityacc_std_y
number. The mean of the tGravityAcc-std()-Y variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_gravityacc_std_z
number. The mean of the tGravityAcc-std()-Z variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodyaccjerk_mean_x
number. The mean of the tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodyaccjerk_mean_y
number. The mean of the tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodyaccjerk_mean_z
number. The mean of the tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodyaccjerk_std_x
number. The mean of the tBodyAccJerk-std()-X variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodyaccjerk_std_y
number. The mean of the tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodyaccjerk_std_z
number. The mean of the tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodygyro_mean_x
number. The mean of the tBodyGyro-mean()-X variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodygyro_mean_y
number. The mean of the tBodyGyro-mean()-Y variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodygyro_mean_z
number. The mean of the tBodyGyro-mean()-Z variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodygyro_std_x
number. The mean of the tBodyGyro-std()-X variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodygyro_std_y
number. The mean of the tBodyGyro-std()-Y variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodygyro_std_z
number. The mean of the tBodyGyro-std()-Z variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodygyrojerk_mean_x
number. The mean of the tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodygyrojerk_mean_y
number. The mean of the tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodygyrojerk_mean_z
number. The mean of the tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodygyrojerk_std_x
number. The mean of the tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodygyrojerk_std_y
number. The mean of the tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodygyrojerk_std_z
number. The mean of the tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodyaccmag_mean
number. The mean of the tBodyAccMag-mean() variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodyaccmag_std
number. The mean of the tBodyAccMag-std() variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_gravityaccmag_mean
number. The mean of the tGravityAccMag-mean() variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_gravityaccmag_std
number. The mean of the tGravityAccMag-std() variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodyaccjerkmag_mean
number. The mean of the tBodyAccJerkMag-mean() variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodyaccjerkmag_std
number. The mean of the tBodyAccJerkMag-std() variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodygyromag_mean
number. The mean of the tBodyGyroMag-mean() variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodygyromag_std
number. The mean of the tBodyGyroMag-std() variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodygyrojerkmag_mean
number. The mean of the tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_time_bodygyrojerkmag_std
number. The mean of the tBodyGyroJerkMag-std() variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodyacc_mean_x
number. The mean of the fBodyAcc-mean()-X variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodyacc_mean_y
number. The mean of the fBodyAcc-mean()-Y variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodyacc_mean_z
number. The mean of the fBodyAcc-mean()-Z variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodyacc_std_x
number. The mean of the fBodyAcc-std()-X variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodyacc_std_y
number. The mean of the fBodyAcc-std()-Y variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodyacc_std_z
number. The mean of the fBodyAcc-std()-Z variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodyaccjerk_mean_x
number. The mean of the fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodyaccjerk_mean_y
number. The mean of the fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodyaccjerk_mean_z
number. The mean of the fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodyaccjerk_std_x
number. The mean of the fBodyAccJerk-std()-X variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodyaccjerk_std_y
number. The mean of the fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodyaccjerk_std_z
number. The mean of the fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodygyro_mean_x
number. The mean of the fBodyGyro-mean()-X variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodygyro_mean_y
number. The mean of the fBodyGyro-mean()-Y variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodygyro_mean_z
number. The mean of the fBodyGyro-mean()-Z variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodygyro_std_x
number. The mean of the fBodyGyro-std()-X variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodygyro_std_y
number. The mean of the fBodyGyro-std()-Y variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodygyro_std_z
number. The mean of the fBodyGyro-std()-Z variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodyaccmag_mean
number. The mean of the fBodyAccMag-mean() variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodyaccmag_std
number. The mean of the fBodyAccMag-std() variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodybodyaccjerkmag_mean
number. The mean of the fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean() variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodybodyaccjerkmag_std
number. The mean of the fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std() variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodybodygyromag_mean
number. The mean of the fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean() variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodybodygyromag_std
number. The mean of the fBodyBodyGyroMag-std() variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodybodygyrojerkmag_mean
number. The mean of the fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() variable from the original UCI HAR data
mean_frequency_bodybodygyrojerkmag_std
number. The mean of the fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std() variable from the original UCI HAR data